fix(content): Remnant: Fixing a confusing block message in Cognizance 32 (#6971)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant 2 cognizance.txt

mission "Remnant: Cognizance 32"

> 	name "Pickup Refined Fuel"

Author: Thanks! Will change shortly.

> 	name "Pickup Refined Fuel"

Author: Done, fixed. Thanks!

	on offer
		event "remnant: remove hidden"
		conversation

> 			`Your reception is as friendly as <origin>'s reputation suggests: No one is there to meet you, and no one arrives to help load the cargo. All that greets you is a forlorn datapad mounted on a post in front of the pile of crates, requesting that you enter your pick up code to disarm the security sensors, as well as a statement that ships depart as soon as they are done loading. You enter the code Chilia had sent you while you were in flight, load the <ship>, and get ready to head to <planet>.`

Reviewer: The modified sentence is rather lengthy. What about

```suggestion
			`Your reception is as friendly as <origin>'s reputation suggests: No one is there to meet you, and no one arrives to help load the cargo. All that greets you is a forlorn security console near the pile of crates and a posted statement directing ships to depart as soon as they finish loading. You use the code Chilia had sent to unlock the crates, load the <ship>, and get ready to head to <planet>.`
```
